add eth2 key/value ENR to phase 0 p2p (#1614)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/phase0/p2p-interface.md

#### Mainnet

##### `eth2` field

ENRs MUST carry a generic `eth2` key with an 16-byte value of the node's current fork version, next fork version, and next fork epoch to ensure connections are made with peers on the intended eth2 network.

| Key          | Value               |
|:-------------|:--------------------|
| `eth2`       | SSZ `ENRForkID`        |

First we define `current_fork` as the following SSZ encoded object

```
(
    current_fork_version: Version
    genesis_validators_root: Root
)
```

where

* `current_fork_version` is the fork version at the node's current epoch defined by the wall-clock time (not necessarily the epoch to which the node is sync)
* `genesis_validators_root` is the static `Root` found in `state.genesis_validators_root`

Specifically, the value of the `eth2` key MUST be the following SSZ encoded object (`ENRForkID`)

```
(
    current_fork_digest: Bytes4
    next_fork_version: Version
    next_fork_epoch: Epoch
)
```

where the fields of `ENRForkID` are defined as

> * `current_fork_digest` is `hash_tree_root(current_fork)[:4]`

Reviewer: Should we make a fork-digest data-type? To make it obviously different from `Version`, given that both are a bytes4? Can also do cosmetics later if necessary.

Author: Maybe so. I'll see if I can quickly, cleanly add this in

* `next_fork_version` is the fork version corresponding to the next planned hard fork at a future epoch. If no future fork is planned, set `next_fork_version = current_fork_version` to signal this fact
* `next_fork_epoch` is the epoch at which the next fork is planned and the `current_fork_version` will be updated. If no future fork is planned, set `next_fork_epoch = FAR_FUTURE_EPOCH` to signal this fact

Clients SHOULD connect to peers with `current_fork_digest`, `next_fork_version`, and `next_fork_epoch` that match local values.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we also add a note that clients `SHOULD` connect to peers that have previous fork digests as their current fork digests ? Ex: Peers syncing from genesis/past epochs

Author: I've been back and forth on this. I think the answer is no in the general case.

Having a different fork digest means that the current slot wrt wall time, you disagree on fundamental consensus rules (even if it is just the fork version). From the perspective of the ENR, I can't tell if the client wrt sync is in the past or up to the current slot. If they are in the past, I could presumable serve them some blocks to get them up to a certain point, but then we will fork. In such a case, it is better for them to find peers that are actually on their chain (fork digest) and sync all the way to the head rather than me connecting to them to see if I can help them part of the way.

Although this method will be sufficient for early phases of Eth2, we aim to use the more appropriate discv5 topics for this and other similar tasks in the future. ENRs should ultimately not be used for this purpose. They are best suited to store identity, location, and capability information, rather than more volatile advertisements.

### How should fork version be used in practice?

> Fork versions are to be manually updated (likely via incrementing or using the less collision-prone git spec hash) at each hard fork. This is to provide native domain separation for signatures as well as to aid in usefulness for identitying peers (via ENRs) and versioning network protocols (e.g. using fork version to naturally version gossipsub topics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fork versions are to be manually updated (likely via incrementing or hash of the spec version) at each hard fork. This is to provide native domain separation for signatures as well as to aid in usefulness for identitying peers (via ENRs) and versioning network protocols (e.g. using fork version to naturally version gossipsub topics).
```
Using the spec or git is limiting, and I wouldn't say it is less collision prone, as not all forks may have the same kind of spec. I think it is better to just give a bare "hash spec version" example.

Author: With the genesis domain separation, I'm actually now just considering going back to "increment" with a suggestion to flip a high order bit in the event of a contentious fork.
